Add REAMDE.md for ServiceProcess.ServiceController (#78124)
dotnet/runtime: src/libraries/System.ServiceProcess.ServiceController/README.md

# System.ServiceProcess.ServiceController
Provides the [`System.ServiceProcess.ServiceController`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.serviceprocess.servicecontroller) class, which allows you to connect to a Windows service, manipulate it, or get information about it.

Note that `System.ServiceProcess.ServiceController` supports Windows only.

Documentation can be found at https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.serviceprocess.

## Contribution Bar

> - [ ] [We consider new features, new APIs and performance changes](../README.md#primary-bar)

Reviewer: Does this mean we wouldn't consider new features or we would (wondering whether I'd expect an X in the box).
We believe this library is mature but it's not deprecated and it's how we recommend to create Windows services so I'd assume we'd accept improvements (?)

# System.ServiceProcess.ServiceController

> Provides the [`System.ServiceProcess.ServiceController`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.serviceprocess.servicecontroller) class, which allows you to connect to a running or stopped service, manipulate it, or get information about it.

Reviewer 2: Minor suggested change:
```suggestion
Provides the [`System.ServiceProcess.ServiceController`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.serviceprocess.servicecontroller) class, which allows you to connect to a Windows service, manipulate it (start, stop, pause, resume), or get information about it.
```

Author: I'm keeping this in sync with the NuGet package description. As I don't exactly know what manipulate means, I would rather keep it vague, as is.

Note that `System.ServiceProcess.ServiceController` supports Windows only.

Documentation can be found at https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.serviceprocess.

## Contribution Bar
- [ ] [We consider new features, new APIs and performance changes](../README.md#primary-bar)
- [ ] [We consider PRs that target this library for new source code analyzers](../README.md#secondary-bars)

> - [x] [We don't accept refactoring changes due to new language features](../README.md#secondary-bars)

Reviewer 2: This one's confusing too: The default secondary bar is to _not_ accept refactoring changes. So here we are just confirming that we don't accept them? Or do we accept them, contrary to the default bar?
